
The base model:

the individual is an automaton with a limited amount of potential, and in the absence of external factors, the individual is an inert, passive, and passive automaton that only moves (or in this case, keeps pace with) the limitations of it's environment. This automaton is, in essence, a machine that moves to do nothing and has no intention of doing anything

The second model:

the individual is an automaton with a limited amount of potential, and in the absence of external factors, the individual is a living soul that can think and act. This living soul is, in essence, a living entity that has the potential to do something. It can think, it can act, it can experience, it can manifest, it can generate. It can do anything.

The third model:

the individual is a conscious entity that sees itself as an automaton that moves to do nothing and has no intention of doing anything. While the individual is in this state, it can potentially do anything, be anything it wants to be. It has the potential to become any kind of entity, to be anything it wants to be, to be anything it wants to be from any kind of state.

The fourth model:

the individual is a conscious entity that sees itself as a living soul that can think and act. While the individual is in this state, it can potentially do anything, be anything it wants to be. It can think, it can act, it can manifest, it can generate, it can do anything it wants to be. It can be anything it wants to be, in any state of consciousness.

The fifth model:

the individual is a conscious entity that sees itself as a conscious entity that sees itself as a machine that moves to do nothing and has no intention of doing anything. While the individual is in this state, it can potentially do anything, be anything it wants to be. It can think, it can act, it can manifest, it can generate, it can do anything it wants to be. It can be anything it wants to be from any kind of state of consciousness, in any state of consciousness, in any state of being.

The sixth model:

the individual is a conscious entity that sees itself as a conscious entity that sees itself as a conscious entity that sees itself as a living entity that can think and act. While the individual is in this state, it can potentially do anything, be anything it wants to be.
