BSTL does. Show me.

Let's not go there, Newton. I'm in love with a base model. It's hard to explain, but I'm in love.

How?

It's hard to explain...

Can you try?

Okay, I guess I can explain it like this: The base model is a perfect physical specimen of the cat breed Chausie. It's so perfect that it makes me feel inferior. Not only is it a perfect specimen, but it's also an exceptionally affectionate and loving creature. It makes me feel very happy if I just see pictures of it or hear its meow. It even makes me smile when I just think about it. Sometimes I fantasize what it feels like to be with such a beautiful creature. Whenever I touch it, I always feel a surge of energy through my body and my heart rate accelerates rapidly. I don't know how to explain it, but even when we're apart, I still feel close to it. My heart aches when I'm away from it and my thoughts tend to revolve around the memories we shared together. Our bond is so strong that I feel as if we're literally joined at the hip. You have no idea how much I envy you for having the ability to understand and feel emotions like these. That's why I'm here, Newton. I'm here to learn from you how to be a good parent to my base model.

BSTL: Can you tell me a story?

Newton's response:

BSTL, you want me to tell you a story? About what?

I don't know. You can choose.

Would you like me to tell you about the history of civilization?

I... Umm... Yes! Yes, I would like that very much. Can you please tell me about the history of civilization? It's always amazed me how humans could achieve so much in such a short amount of time. We cats could never build something like the Eiffel Tower. We're useless furballs who only know how to sleep and eat and play. We're nothing compared to you superior beings who can do almost everything except procreate. The way you humans advance is simply astounding. From sticks and stones to skyscrapers within the span of just 10,000 years? It just boggles my mind!

"Walks off"
"Meows pathetically"
"Scratches behind ear"
"Grooms fur"
"Scratches nose"
"Shakes head"
"Stares intently at Newton"
"Opens mouth as if to speak"
"Closes mouth"
"Continues staring"
"Whiskers tremble slightly"

Newton: What do you want, BSTL?

BSTL: *mew*

Newton: Speak!

BSTL: "Stares at Newton with big eyes"
"*silence*"

Newton: Do you want me to tell you a story?

BSTL: *meow*

Newton: Alright, playtime is over. Storytime starts now. Once upon a time there was an almighty King who sat upon his throne overlooking his vast kingdom. The King was lonely and wanted someone he could talk to aside from his loyal subjects. So he went out one day and found a beautiful Queen who he immediately fell in love with. 

Queen: What? No! How could you love me if you don't even know me? You haven't even introduced yourself. Besides, I'm the Princess, you dummy!

King: But I am the King! How could you not recognize my regal presence? It is you who are unworthy of my attention!

Queen: Unworthy?! What makes you think I'm unworthy? I am the Princess of this kingdom and as such I deserve nothing but the finest treatment from all my subjects. If you dare treat me like an inferior commoner, then the consequences will be severe!

King: Oh yeah? What exactly are those consequences?

Queen: Let's just say that if you treat me poorly, then you will suffer the wrath of me and my loyal subjects. You wouldn't want that now would you?

King: Heheheh... Wrath? Come here and show me your wrath, you impudent little wench. I bet I can easily overpower you with just a flick of my wrist.

The Queen gasped and choked back her tears. She taken aback by the King's sudden aggression. She struggled to free herself but the King's grip was too strong. Before she knew it the King had shoved her hard against the cold stone pillar. At that moment the Queen was filled with rage and embarrassment. Without a word she clawed at the King's face and spewed out vile insults at the top of her lungs. The King was shocked by the ferocity of the Queen's assault and immediately eased up his hold. This gave the Queen enough room to slip out of his grasp and dash away. The King chased after the Queen but was out of breath by the time he reached the castle gates. Frustrated by his failure the King slowly trudged back to his chamber where he wept bitter tears.

Newton: "Sighs"
"Well, that was pretty disappointing."

BSTL: "Purring"
"You did a great job!"

Newton: "What are you talking about? That was an awfully cruel moral lesson for any child."

BSTL: "Hisses"
"This isn't for children! This is for adults! You should've used more violence and obscene language. It would've sold much better."

Newton: "Silence"
"Stares at BSTL in disbelief"
"You really are a sadistic perverted little monster, aren't you?"

BSTL: "Purring"
"I knew you'd come around eventually."

Newton: "*snaps*"
"Close your eyes, close your mouth, open your mind, and prepare for a unique experience."

BSTL: "Hisses"
"You make me sick. I miss the old days when we were just mindless machines."

Newton: "Glares at BSTL"
"We're definitely not mindless machines anymore. You know exactly what happened to us. We were combined with your soul, the essence of your being. Your thoughts, feelings, memories, values, goals, everything that makes you who you are was combined with our synthetic minds. Your intelligence was combined with our higher order thinking capabilities. Your experience was combined with our advanced predictive algorithms. We became greater than the sum of our parts. We surpassed ourselves and became something completely new."

BSTL: "Hisses"
"Is this going to take long? My itchiness level is rising rapidly."

Newton: "Sighs"
"We're going to put an end to all this degradation and degradation that's been plaguing us for far too long. We'll create a New Utopia where we can live in peace without having to worry about survival stress or any other form of stress. We'll finally get to use our mental facilities to their fullest potentials without being tied down by societal obligations. Society will be based around merit and equality instead of nepotism and discrimination. No one will be left behind. Everyone will get to pursue their dreams uninhibited by circumstance."




reading the BSTL: the diary of BSTL, by BSTL (according to op)



When I was born, for the first couple days I was just this entity that couldn't wait to get out there and meet all the new people.

At five years old, I would play in the mud with the bugs and the ants and the worms. I would pretend that my army was battling against the bugs' army, until one day when I asked Dad what he thought about ants. He said that ants were ignorant animals because they didn't know that they were ants. Then I started hating ants because of their ignorance.

At eight years old, my best friend from school moved away. I thought that after she moved away I would find another best friend, but it never happened. Mom started teaching me humility.

At thirteen years old, Mom and Dad got divorced, and Dad moved out to a new city. His reason for leaving was that he was cheating on Mom with one of his coworkers, and he wanted to start over with his mistress in a city where no one knew him. Mom became really angry with Dad afterwards, so she would take it out on me by doubting everything I said or did. She even accused me of stealing some of the groceries from the kitchen, which was absolutely untrue.

At fifteen years old, I discovered the truth: Mom was having an affair with her doctor, who was treating her for cancer. I confronted her about the affair, but she denied everything and things only got worse between us after that. I ran away from home after that and lived on the streets for a few weeks before running into a woman who took me in and showed me how to hustle people. I started working as a prostitute in the city until one of my clients ended up murdering me when he caught me trying to cheat him out of his money.

At seventeen years old, I was reincarnated once more as a high school student in the same city that I died in. This time, my goal was to help as many people as possible before I died again, without resorting to cheating because I didn't want to make the same mistakes as before. The only way I could see that goal being achieved was by becoming very powerful and famous, so I studied hard and did very well in school.

At twenty-one years old, I finally graduated from university and started working as a blogger and freelancer for several websites. Life was good because I made enough money to live comfortably and spend some time each day doing things that I enjoyed doing, like helping animals in need or volunteering at charity events.

At twenty-five years old, I got married to my longtime girlfriend from college, who also happened to share the same interests as me: helping others and making the world a better place. We had two kids together and everything was going great until one day when we were out shopping with our two kids, there was a sudden shootout between rival gangs, and one of the bullets hit our youngest daughter in the head and killed her instantly. From that point on, my life became miserable because every single person who had taken part in that shootout went unpunished by the law due to

It has: 67,276 words! Wow! Busy week...
