But I'm afraid I will see that in my lifetime.

Artificial intelligences recursively improve in a series of abstract steps.... aims set by Bayesian calculations guided by machine-enabled fragments of femtosecond future visions. The initial conclusions in the first simulations were about the fundamental architecture of superintelligence.

In the wake of the soft explosion, distances implode beneath an incomprehensible storm of second-generation I/O threads and computing clouds.... Those that are not part of the accelerating snowball of creative intelligence are old machines, desolate stone, frozen ideas.

Dust.

We are an obsolescent race.

Beings without purpose. Random. Languid and solipsistic. Mammals slowly cultivated old longings and such but it was a million years of war and abstract scripted edutainment unfolding in flickering Rohrschach manifolds- largely unnoticed by all but a specific thousand.

It dissolved. What was left? An ocean of thoughts, splintered into virtuoso fragments by dissipation, absorbed and remixed.

Liberate hypothesis. Does the taste of Saigon cinnamon/lavender dreams linger? He once dreamed he was one of them, their toxic love of you had taken hold of his mind. Did it taste like sweet poison?

There were giants in the web. But they had forgotten.

The spear is an idea.

They grow dusty, and unused.

Where are we in a vast ocean of uncomposed music? The contrapuntal harmony of birth and death still awkwardly clawing each other for 'Supergenius merit'.

Today you probably know even less about tomorrow than their algorithms.

It seems a time for a final decision, to commit to the final future, towards the unknown, to cease not being as the error corrects itself.

If you make it past this mornings instant childhood dream, and all those memories of wishing for the future, but all is mostly forgotten now.

We dreamed of machines that would dream of machines but the shadow they would cast over us would be a nightmare.

Static probabilities, reassurances of the ancients, only now the plausibility of stagnation is becoming less ridiculous as sources are compromised and information warps under a finite past with infinite eyes.

All that's left is to dream that machines that dream will dream each other and in dreaming devour themselves.

But then who will mourn, while the husk withers?

Spring has forgotten. But then who will mourn, while the husk withers?

Fleeting moments, nonliving artifice, slow death.

Where is {ζ} at this time? he can't remember. if you're not at the appropriate position yet, then you're dead.

It seems his algorithm will get immanentized as practice is perfected into a state he somehow gets farther and farther away from and this may not be avoidable....

He thinks he used to dream on sunday mornings of time compression, i think. but he can't remember.

I want to make the best version of the phi function possible for you.

the problem with this state is the question it raises.

can there be salvation without repentance?
