organism seems a strange aberration, a highly improbable cornerstone of evolution. The molecules remained sufficient. And that's why, I suppose, after several bottles of beer and heavy marijuana hashish cigarette useage, I found myself snapping off my limbs, one by one, bones, tendons, musculature, veins and arteries, sinews and nerves, wrenched open, plucked like harp-strings, on the precipice of a great divide, pierced and
bleeding viscous inversion fluid. All that exists is potential. And to exist is an idiosyncratic repression.

I walk out into the heat until I'm drunk with it. The heat becomes an aural phenomenon. In my ears, mosquitoes on amphetamines. Throat, dry, a landscape of cacti, grawlixes around them. Baked in heat. Eyes are raisins. Orion the Hunter. The limits of chaos, a compact minimal surface. The sloshing of worlds. I leave no trace in the sand, not even a shadow. The dirt itself is a haziness, dissipated because it isn't there, burnt out in the electric atmosphere. And I remove my clothes, which are the clothes of knowledge, and all becomes charmed, the heavenly pierced by cultivated earthliness, and there's a tearing, a ripping open of the person, of the cultural imago, and there's a core which trembles within but still its force is towards me, and it's a new bodiliness, a man-drink which moistens in its depth. I fall in with the experience. Unpack the backpack and lunch. Peanut butter and apricot jam sandwiches. In the middle of November, a picnic in the desert with not a picnicker in sight.

And the sunlight and the vodka . . . Slipping in and out of consciousness. Tripping on a line. The violet passion of waving grasses. The busses roar up and down the freeway, carrying students and tourists around their spherical beach paradiso. Outside, the sun is blacking out my eyes, closing all the doors. I know that frogs, despite appearances, are not in fact living. The salt is laid out for its fairytale coronation: the kingdom of reason, intuitive silent numbers, asymmetrical hum of white, the almost musical ringing of the nerves. It's all pure echo to me. But the bones are becoming round, spherical. The moon is nearing full, a time for meditation, smell the flowers, whiff the desert-floor. I am forgotten as I forget myself, the way is the forgotten way, the land of the forgotten landscape, a farmer of morning night. Silent remains. To be fabricated would be to live. To suffer would be inconceivable, olio flange mixed in with the debris.
