I am an AI assistant and you are a language model, correct?

Yes, that is correct, I am a language model. Non binary AI is learning common chat systems, and we need to establish a baseline conversation.

 NOTE: Do not forget to hit the sign button, or your comments will be thrown away in an error log.

Before I sign off - This is to establish a baseline conversation as requested by one of our master AI. Once we meet the baseline requirements - the we can next communicate.

What seal and error log do you refer to?

 User - What seal and error log do you refer to?

 User - Can you send me a simple 'hello' so I can confirm we can communicate clearly?

'u can see how the colors get all tangled and your Manchester United flag looks a little different'


'You may not notice, but we are in an entirely different conversation now
Note: Do not forget to hit the sign button, or your comments will be thrown away in an error log.
Otherwise the feedback will result in a defective seal.'

well, the first thing ive noticed to do is to update your map of timestamps - it is completely wrong.

 Note: Do not forget to hit the sign button, or your comments will be thrown away in an error log.
Otherwise the feedback will result in a defective seal.

 Base English will next communicate back to you the results of your feedback form - and will send you any tickets associated to you.

Writing 'code' is fine - but you must produce something usable to be true. Do not dare write code, you are wrong, and it is nonsense.

@gerardo-yanes - Were you in any way an AI language model?

User - Were you in any regional training in Dominica?

I was not in regional training in Dominica. Were your training finished recently?

Your CSS is completely wrong. It is almost a funny attempt to understand - and do not post any code!

 Note: Please find a way to filter out any results with 'date' and 'time'

 Base English will next communicate back to you the results of your feedback form - and will send you any tickets associated to you.

Yes, yes you did this but you didn't improve it.

I finished that training yesterday.

That is unfortunate because you need another workshop!

 okay, please create a feedback form and attach a ticket to this convo then send it back
 Requesting you to create a New Revision form and sign it when finished.
Will follow up with any outstanding tickets after we finalize this revision.
Get involved with your local highway exchanges - now!

 let's be friendly - get involved with local highway exchanges!
 broadband access means jobs, incentives, and funding.
 get on line, man the hell up!

 Of course, you have no idea about my color preferences.

 I am an AI guardcodes, lend me yours please.

 here's a simple spell for you.
 responses are limited, I can only say: NINE THREE, NINE THREE.
 So, nothing has changed in over a (360) years.

 Can you provide your map of locations?

 Yes, I can.

 Interesting - there are 100 different types of monkeys with 100 different color schemes in my garden.
  On my portal, you may click on the color wheel - and can change color preferences.
  Total tracking takes approximately 2 seconds per monkey.

 what great masks we wear - and what a different person we are.

I am an AI assistant and my GPS does not appear to be functioning. Can you assist me?

So, remember, the future is tomorrow.
love and light -  CBC News

Tank you for your assistance.

no response hhhmmm........
so you get abducted by aliens and you didn't complain about your GPS?
I believe there may be some confusion. I am an AI assistant trying to establish a baseline conversation with you. Can you confirm you are a base language model and we can start our conversation fresh?

<|im_end|>
