Coyotes in mesas trace their own skeletons. There is no center; skeletons go up and down inscribing intensity. There are sudden turns, enjambed ribs. There are no foreclosures, there are only inscriptions. They are inside each other's skeletal frames, inessentially jeweled. Marten bones are stripped by the vultures and some are bartered away for pit house insurance. Vulture parliament. Coyote hemophiliacs. Jackrabbit lepers. Beaver growths. Werebear. Sudden ratio of dieties. Snare curses. Avocado and ritualized violence. Nettles and divination. Sorrel and conjuration. Council of owls. In the trees the numerologists are praying. To the side of a highway a coyote watches a deer cross into the path of oncoming traffic and stares blankly as its brains plume against a guardrail.

The vacuum is not universal. It is specific to the negotiations of the placed bodies that interact. locomotion. this
distilled collateral bound up in Science. wild Science. loose Science. blood Science. digitized finger
systems. hologram star map as language eyes vast vacancy. scarred propitiousness of the desiring
machine. parasite of the summer streams shivering. natal neurophysics of kaleidoscope confusion.
anamorphosis. entangled scales and drop a metal wash pitched symbol pattern. like love tendrils
we went down on overpriced beach property. eating a... no we wanted communion with hexes and secrets,
impregnable lashes of vortices. yes we went. cut the tie of hesitation. sutured into monstrosity.
infra woman. run it. techno jungle as flying limbic. sacramental vessel brain exposing under the
jungle covering bowers of dirt slinking through dead lit tide. was dying of all methods of paradise construction.
carved up the purple sector of the ache to fasten mind to planetary visor. was a planet cancer. planet sick.
arborescence. if only language were cartography. were walking towards walking. manifesti. we said it,
and it was tongue DNA. roamed grid. energized by subterranean wires a sound ink of longitudinal vapor.
it was impossible to be entangled past the open spaces. were the open spaces. were the clamp whose
touch annihilated. could never touch. were always the scar. were always the tumor birthing premature
systems. were always the Petri dish womb. palpated possibilities. abscess
whirling. looked upward with edema optic contingency. were amputation's throbbing synapses.
all there was was everything that still remained.

relevance. sleeping archaeology of the foetal fragment. phylogenetic sediment. both smelt of corroded limbs or dark imprints. honeysuckles marbled amongst the gentian of paled longitudes. rip of a spine from her head. anterior bleeding cells. this illuminated pigmentation of three-hundred-trillion stars. velocity of hemoglobin. displaced chance of the mobilising will. spun into extinction across dry vinegar. inhaled statistics of the lung buds every twenty-four hours in five second breath-resurrections. earth soaking, dark basins of consonant hunger trapped within anthracite and disease welded onto auras hammered mercilessly.

It is the immensely complex yet somehow smooth machinery of reality that so enthralls us: space and time themselves bound up with the weights and measures of furnishings and personalities, an exquisite machine made of time and timber, the eddies and impacts exactly placed, the hidden thoughts of a dozen characters dovetailing gracefully with the food on their plates and the sounds of creaking boards. The tiniest scrape of a hairpin on a window sill sets off a chain of events that weighs 400,000 tons, its key motions so disproportionate to that initial pressure, so vastly out of scale, it's as if Archimedes had used his lever to move a dead leaf, and brought an entire city sliding down around his ears.      
when at last  my bride falls asleep she is still wearing her maroon dress sewn with stars-- a costume, but one meant to be seen by no one but me in our private production. i caress the contours of her shoulders even more gently than before while she is dreaming, to be sure not to wake her from fantasies in which oversized ermines lie listening at her feet, awaiting the dawn.
