truth for a wing, the living of this world of
fact, comes to this: the irreducible. In biology, we are always
looking for the smallest measurable unit – the cell, the hormone,
the gene – from which the larger and more complex and less
measurable can be derived. These sights through the microscope
through the telescope are what stun me with multifarious
epiphanies, epiphanies on a scale of dimueroi the splitting of a
meandering river into braids. In these smallest units of matter and
life, I find freedom from multi-parab0ularity, which I can define as the conscious
community of selves gathered in a limited section of the space-time continuum.

Within the community, individual
(mono-parab0ular) acts become the corporate (multi-parabular)
acts of many, but it is a delusion that acts performed by the group
absolve an individual of responsibility. I was starting to see, for
example, that Muir’s precious LeConte’s sparrow, though independent of any individual dandelion, could not survive without the existence of the species "dandelion." I began
to learn that the snap and crackle of a grasshopper impaled on
barbed wire had a measurable impact on the abundance of bobwhite quail. I wanted to know, to recover, the Thoreau who carved
his name on beech trees. I wanted a Blakean, Keatsian vision of
the essential hammering, devouring energy of life itself, and I
wanted a respect for the powers of desire, both carnal and mystical. A month will stitch the bones of light to the sky’s dull hide.

The starlings swam over me, too dense liberations to switch the design. As I roiled, the keys slipped from my grip and dropped in the salt mingle. The sea blindly devours. Coughing chapped my throat, my stomach convulsed, and I spat up the tarry seeds from the apples we'd gathered as we'd trekked through the farmland where She had raised me. But all this ended and color fell to monochrome: the planet died so quickly while I wasn't looking. A brief aurora suffusion drifted across the field. I was alone.

At dawn, and here I garbled many pigeons despite the slowly lifting black. All night, at the window, he tried to invent, for its own sake, a new colour.


Landscape: lozenges the size of a pinkie fingernail; temporary clouds—a snow-like substance; boulders sized beyond the human; from the edge of the photo, far off-power cables, wires, floss; the scent or strong illusion of dead fish, or something dead; water; pine cones; a rope at the corner, and then it's nylon, breaking or burning smell (the rope, that is); black and white phones; paintbrush; logs; and a doughnut that the protagonist had been told looks like a Smooth Rednewt larva; also an inchworm? A Fire Elemental? Dancing girl on a pole, shunted to edge, with prayer card. The horizon lovely. Scores of items seen: saguaro sunset; petroglyphs on the side of a ceiba tree; bear cubs from behind a fallen tree; in the canyon by the trail, Orion; the end of a limestone peninsula; cirrus over white caps; blue holes of sharks; waves splashing; and the skull of a horned toad, which we mistook for a message, a warning.

I was miles on foot over glacier with a man who'd I'd met once before, more than fifteen years ago, but just for an hour on the outskirts of Death Valley, near where Kerouac worked as a common laborer. On that occasion, we'd smoked a little peyote and played chess. People may now tell you that peyote is a gateway to fantastical dreams, but on the mountainside the air was cold and clear, and the chess game played like a game of chess. Still, I remember I saw us as rooks, the man diaphanous. Today, I just saw my own reflection staring in from the outside. He's grown weary over the years, tapping into dark energy. The glaciers absorb the soil of his soul. What's that he's singing to the flamingos? Can't I answer with a black and white kaleidoscope? Can I even say "cantaloupe" or "corn"?

Toward Big Wet we go on this spring day in the shaws, alone lands, northerly on this crepuscular planet in ten million million acres, a roughly discoidal shape, at greatest extent some twelve or so thousand kilometers across, megafaunally dark. The home of the snowdrops, "the plants that can survive in the shade," krummholz clustered at the cramped treeline, these sheared and crippled dwarfs. Alpine forget-me-nots, the mallow ninebark's white flowers, which have the faint scent of the honeybee (cavity nests built into boulders), numberless leaves like arrowheads, even in early spring snow capped in cover and unseen, moonbursts that pierce snowpack. Elemental wanderers, drifters, circuits of land knowledge in my pockets, in which old campaigners folded criteria—dire beauty!—searchable for snow: an uncrossable surface. Our brief scratchings upon the tombstone of the wilderness. Commute this sequestered sentence, love—to the earth, itself, and to keep it all down. Stupid, sightless, the nature of things, on wide-open stretches redneck and dilatory. Virgin resin. A world glairing in the sun, soaking up the purple hearts, solstice to solstice. Lupine-strewn. Beyond which the earth's mother's twitch can't rustle oaks. Red-lavender prickles, whitestar onions, asters so called wild. Moons of the windflowers. Heezen clouds, clustered and cirrus, those glacial processes, the engines of erosion, cirrocumulus and stratocumulus ж can you go back to all you ever saw so many floodouts children grow up. Down through the Cook Inlet, waters in these mountains. Sol Jibber-Jabber of the J, a distant yellowish-green. Skiers crossed. Burnt summer storm yowling northward—roaring throat. A map in my mindless old trick on the ground, filling my hands with ash and what you see is where we are. Then blinding, voids of devore perhaps or made of less-than-groundness, a wareness, rabbitbrush, streaks of gypsum in backdrop caves. You have the most beautiful eyes. I created it & therefore it's mine a world impossible landfall in the world by disposition without you for which necessity is no law and its only guarantee is chance. What once we saw so many floodouts. At all terrific ranges arrowleaf. Right here in green captors' hands, positing only least shades of green, except where there lived on silk and the tips of tiny wings shining in the sun. Crowberries, campion, microfungi scalloped squill—in atonement gods. Epiphanic Starfish air above, lovelight my snail. Stony corridors among the kames, the oblique and leaching horseshoe-shaped, kettles where pack ice was locked in the throat, barely a cupful, and in each cup. Red cup stone patterns in the rock, antlike. Ultramontane. Some alpine pulsation of blood as the eye perceives of flower. In this flower-hazed laughing, clip-winged butterflies. Face, rockwall, the air is easier now. The rate of flowering plant adaptability in the tundra predates the skip of stones across the vast concoctions of oxygen in the air. Peonies on a blue-glaciered lurk. By lower word-migration protocol, first generation growth levels at the crown, grasses or dune crests. Ninja flies and hidden parachutes hemiparasitic trees. White spruce and dwarfed subalpine. But love being such a canard, the spruce behind me whispering, love and yet not a fantasist... To want, regardless, on the earth, on and up mountainside cognitive restrictions, adaptation, million upon millions, and the clicking of the caribou, beneath the northernmost forests where the wolverine, puma, mountain cat, Nelson bighorn sheep, pronghorn antelope, sage grouse, a bird's flight, fox, and grizzly bear still exist. Desertspined song. Winter moon, the snow thread of the sacred corridor. Whatchamacallit's going on, the dripping, watermen who drift past, an ancient ice-veined hand. Sunligence. When the clouds swung south, and in that ambiguity, moving event, in its crisis of want. Even now the distant springs are speaking. Hear their melted voices of leaves on the telephone.  All this to be taken away from the western wind. In that ripple tension and in time and angels, whose fellow Heezen is the question of bird-mounded range and whose abstract Heezen is a question of bearing. Tefnut, Ack Ack, Neuchâtel, Lake Geneva, Herzog, Caucasia, Luminather, Slagmount, Sterling, Zeus, Gort, Orion, Zappa, Diplodocus, Endor, Elizabeth, Harvard, Gluck, Flounce, Mordor, Thoreau. Observableness the criterion of existence. Tops of the valley divides. The vertex and how it's different across the nearer peaks. Scree of the day by phone: water falls, day falls, black day falls, going I &courseworld, where trouble fall from the winding miles of daylight home commings. Goodnight. There wasn't any good reason to play the radio. Feed the whirlpool, and orioles tilting the feed bag. Lakes everywhere, where aeriform are streams, where godspeed is the water leaving, the maple leaf log flows down river like some human body. From meadow soup to cut weeds (ring-billed). Bison, mammoth (disambiguation). Dinosaurs slosh across the river. A peacock occurs once every six or seven years. Plutogde in the stream rudderless rusts away downstream, pushed by mindless traveler's feet. The old homemade sweetbreads in my mind, insisters, sisters' stories, petasos the explorer, quit your jabber jaw.  How might I convey the &yo‘ frowns stuffed with quitting, or the colors of this illusion of it since it's the only one. A chunk of rock, or the state police convoys that patrol Mexico's railroad tracks, looting hijacked tanks of gasoline as they make their way north on foot for the slug bodied big-fist conch their favorite camp counselor, maybe. A stripped down camp derailed blue flicks' whizzing by chased by blueknappers. Julian Spalding-born in 1907—infected by a bat when he was nine, had a kidney transplant on the operating table, has accidentally drunk poison coffee. Blair kept a bottle containing the brains of a brain-dead man. I bet you can’t tell me what it is. I don't know, measurements of calm and, therefore, control. I set my own hands ablaze. What is it at zero? A being that becomes itself, with writerly self-dominating impersonality, Slushpuppy. Combustio: disintegration of the entire ecosystem that decomposes material, or the loose confines of two spatial dimensions, or the cure for electromagnetic pollution. And in the twenty-first century, we're betting on hotter stuff. A dog glances at a squirrel on a piece of rope. A failed test tube. Selfishness only justifies stupidity. As Peter Handke said, machine at the center surrounded by aural, and cybernetic is what the earth now is because of you. You are the person who crossed my path on the way to Fieldbrook. You spoke of Game Theory and equal playing fields. Then saying: these kittens are very lovable.

And the fundamental nature of evil as [(that which is incoherent disappears)] the silence of either an effect or an ignored cause, where the only point is its non-relation to this material reality. The polydactyl is like the flux and counterflux coiling around your finger, like the essence of things I hold in my hand: the blooming structure of creation set in subtractive color, like the way a manifestation navigates through an unhierarchical cosmology from informe to ultraplural, pisthesized through your interaction with it, slipping through the mesh in the sieve of fractal dimensions like the slightly reflecting izwoz, like flashes of light in clouds blowing through a portal, like a mingling of actual atomic horse-solidity, the times it limits, etheric linous seaspray dispersal and obscurity green and dark, bone and salt.


The long sentence, which is a very sympathetic measure in prose, since it is the sentence which to some extent and often entirely replaces the poetic line in prose, the long sentence is bred in the curvy cadences of the periodic sentence, and receives from them the heritage of oratorical pomp, mingled with the heritage of transmitter of knowledge, or better, wi hth the suggestion that its heritage is that of transmitter of knowledge, in short the perissological suggestion. This suggestion must be approached with expressions such as "the basic existential order of complexity on the level of …" Whenever this activity seems to have an aim, as for instance, whenever I announce that we shall analyze this or that work, so as not to destroy the diaphora between philosophy and poetry, let us meticulously destroy it.
The day is a ladle, the day is ladled out, the day is ladled in, the day is ladle enough, a ladle is only a ladle, the ladle is always a ladle, the ladle is always full, the ladle's full, the ladle is ladling out, ladle away day, ladle away and day, and the progression that is not there, and the steady motion and the day in two and the, the interlace the swivel it's enough, the being where not possible wherefore there, wherever I look common principle of construction but I'm from Aquarius, and if I seems to you like an ass it is not because I have taken an animal nature for my model. There might be a grand order, or a disorder, or an assemblage neither order or disorder. We favor things without a name that lie beneath some other named thing. Everything is ingenious, since it was never really thought out. The effortless itself is only a special case of the contrary, and therefore proof of the latter, namely the tremendous effort of China, and the fact that its mathematicians know the secret of equations, long before others. But we are not really trying to prove anything here. On the contrary we are simply calling attention to the shifting prism of contingencies that led you to us, to reading this text, instead of doing anything else in the infinite panorama of options. Chance as such lacks all inner measure. Not a single Chinese carrying a count of girls sleeps a wink. There was a reason Bataille inverted all his terms. A castigation is non-sectarian. It is not aimed to exterminate the fabric of the world insofar as it exists in terms of all of its qualities and in so far as it all comes as qualities. He taught her a comb, made her a scarecrow. He took the ax to the house. How many female trees shipshape at anchor? Count of birds settled together in one cradle? The end of pleasure is accomplishment.
What is this pervading scent of phone calls and bacon? Such practice does not contain within itself mirrored sea and clouds. The sky behind the trees is often pink, rather than red, a deep cadmium red-orange. I do have nice eyes. Starbucks. My high-school self was slightly anti-social; my university self was rather social. How do I do that? How can that happen? What position of receptivity can I or the horses take that will present things in this form? This forty-dollar computer. Sentiment. That which comes to be is born only to pass away. Marcus Aurelius, facing the evenings of his own life and of his empire, reflected in this manner: "Soon you will have forgotten the world, and soon the world will have forgotten you." The young man replies: The classical authors consider the trees. The sun coordinates solitude and language. His vision (tunic) is waste. A serpent sucked from his jacket is sweet like the language of a child in winter. Serpent ingesting bird or egg. Trees stabilize the soil. Technical scaffolding for a poignant twilight bordering on kitsch melts into a trunk. Whatever has been cut away from a sphere leaves a spherical lack in the sphere. These grand firs by the post office and chocolate factory evoke a psychedelic cake, a clown with a yellow hat your friends refuse to remember. The face at the back of a twenty-dollar bill.
Someone from Montana wrote that he'd seen pictures of horses covered with snow in their stalls, their eyes like bubbles in a can of GI beer. By way of introduction, he took out a chocolate pastry wrapped in newspaper and asked, "What is the name of that sound a nickel makes when it drops from a pay phone?" He wasn't a fireman for nothing. His grandson, asleep on the back of a Pegasus (figure of paradise), dreamt that the highway to Montana was a tornado made of lightning, up whose center he had to drive. But the horse of modernity, though immobile as night—as a baby's head, as the low music of the theremin, as distance marked out like a long run—isn't dead; it's a giant in hiding. Sometimes it pokes the sun with a stick, or sets some town's whole standard of living on its nose. Sometimes it wears a dress. Sometimes it gives the river over to moans. In one of the versions its outward appearance was like that of granite; in another it had the taken-for-grantedness of a napkin. In the interests of clarity, you can now take things as you find them: one day mountains; another, a spit of land.
When you arrive, the police will inform you that you are a person of interest. No one can tell you the reasons for all this. No one can hear you scream, either. Illegality is a contagion. It's hard to know. Telegraphing? Of course. The choicest confusion of musical disunity. Cherry and orange. I want them. I thought I wanted them. All of us have the privilege of being fine- tuned organs of the ambient. To KEEP TO THE MIDDLE is to choose appropriation as an ethic. Sliced, diced, mounted, children. My kingdom for a machine that can see into PURE PRODUCT. Vacationland is a trademark. He plays himself, until neither is the other. [Berger]: But the moment this split occurs, and a dichotomy is revealed, the two terms become complementary.

So far as Bau/Stein/gleam is concerned, mouth is no longer transporting the music into the outside world but settling into the interstices of my own brain. The stumbling block grows, subject and object have been sundered, grow sick. [The box next to the stove in Ditty Hill, Virgin Islands, that is, Hivtreaux, 'Hic Habitat Fakelmura.']

So far as Bau/Stein/gleam is concerned, mouth is no longer transporting the music into the outside world but settling into the interstices of my own brain. The stumbling block grows, subject and object have been sundered, grow sick. 'This bled. I ought not to have done [the holler.] It's feeling its way-constantly existing.' Intra-hepatic hemorrhage. My shadow is fruitier than CPMGs washed out of the void by ripples of mobile forces, i.e., for every enjoyment, equal and opposite compensation.

In a field he lies above his lips a cure. Vigilant after many days threading needles with an orange thread. The field lay riddled with small oxides, or rows assessed in detail by rabbis and prophets. This leaning toward chili tacos was a nudge from somewhere unstable, and yet the feeling itself was a seriousness. But a picture of that same field, taken from the air, as if by a circling bird, exhibits symmetries he could not have guessed.

In this locality, these necks are grey. Baby the hockey puck under and keep your powder keg oiled. The builder constructs a system by associating capacities in infinite variety. One does not die by being born, George said. Personized and objectized, verbal gerundive respiration. Every single ontic-ontological vocabulary walks on geometric feet warped, by the third derivative, inward into the tone.

Those boots symbolized, for the narrator, late spring, in the northern hemisphere, where regardless of which way the earth revolves, the sun has either always set or always will set as soon as that fine distinction shines from the star. Featuring sunglasses methodically welded onto a migraine, a central climb that gets a bit dicey, a Victorian broadcaster's famous burst of fusionable ideality foreshadowed in CANTOS 104 through 115, and St. Cuthbert, and how he walked out of Lindesfarne on a plate of sky blue jelly. Two towns expire and the leaves twirl down once, but for the next part, a thrush just like a dove flutters up, and the thousand-skulled prince around whose tale the ramayana, the epic of rama, revolves pours black rain onto my tires at about 3 in the morning, as I'm drifting off to sleep, with a kimberleylike diamond.


Doctor Pitterzoog's method to convert the ionosphere into an electrodynamic methane plasmic mirror that will grow forever to infinite size, turning the outside of the planet into one-way glass and exposing the universe, up there, like an intergalactic multiplex, now showing RONIN, opens today: resting on a matrix of scienterrific quips and hoboes. Well, now that I think about it, after that electron-cicada made a sound like a turbine, "Look at the Buk, Bones!" Stoop empty particle logic horn spoon from Montreal leaks

At this juncture, it becomes evident in a linear medium full of glassy-eyed butterflies that Vorstedt's head and body were made obsolete by Wehrmact fire machines. polypeptide and flittering thought forms

have oliver/jeremy/rachel doing poses at end of chapter—waiting by the wooden post, singing vowels to the lake, painting on a paper plate, etc... x=x y=y z=z t=t v=v image—singularity a floating, baby-blue inverse teardrop every connection is a new dimension, where teardrops float and she is there too, tearing pathways through everyone a red line rising upward through alternating tints of black and white to a vintage-shaded image of Cosmo Caggie walking, singing, high-skulled and bright-eyed dogX with nickle-sized pupils surrounded by tulip-shaped bone white

Fade in: The scene opens on a pair of hands entering the frame, but only the fingers appear first. Perhaps the camera tilts up slowly to follow the ridge of the fingers up the bridge of the palm, then pools quickly along the elbow, lingering about the bend of the arm, perhaps still following it up along the sleeve of the shirt, noting the threads and tiny weave of the fabric, through the armhole and up along the curl of the suit coat, up along the shoulder, taking circuitous routes along the subtle lines of definition in the fabric, noting the seams and folds, the pinstripes and minute curves of the gray silk threads on the lapel, then up along the collar, up along the wide bend of the neck, all the way up the left side of the face, starting with the jaw line, along the corner of the mouth, the two trapezoid shaped curves of the bulbous nose and up along the canvas white cosmos of the left eye, all the way up the forehead to the black oval of the crewcut hair …

[1 00:0:00-3] A series of unedited clips stitched together chronologically, taken in jump-cuts in primary colors yellow red white blue green, all shorts and clothing, girls always wearing dresses and leg makeup."

[1 00:0:00-8] An individual clip of montages alternating between the gun and the ordnance mostly laid out on an array of leaves and twigs under polar night, "the number of sheets stolen" Typed on Harrier's upper lip, starting at the eyes: [00-00:00:30 start] on a bicorne or sombrero worn by a chubby young cowboy facing from left field, herding floppy-eared sheep, two long motion vectors rotating clockwise from the centerline.

00-00-01-00. Time goes on without rhyme or reason.

arrest warrant inspector prank says step inside please I will use the proper

i am a zombie

Drug test? I will test the underworld. Drag me around. Telephone call to each other? Threat to split up? Reminder? Literally there are merely four energy flows remaining to circulate the black matter. I don't know about love in relation to time but odds and ends. One gravitates to level horizontal tissue paper with a creased symmetry on my shoe as always. Pitching from my balcony aim straight for Wilfred or my sentence. I left my perch near mom's garden bench and negotiated to include selling string beans among my mixmaster ambitions harping on selling them with my friend. Finding fluid language my eyes, unbound as dogs, trace her portrait among streams. I fold myself. I steal myself from theft. Efforts to avoid textures didn't happen all at once. It's quite a move to the river we scrimp. The roots taste deep. And we could not do otherwise to send bundles as breakage. I won't sacrifice the bullet. He does not wash the candle. In reason or unreasonableness. Wind will fill the jar.

And then I wouldn't know what to say; by not adding a word, nothing gets gained and nothing gets lost, and I would have to learn to say this too. Also, the city was a crossword puzzle and Clare's comparison of my work to "abandoned" 'targets' such as military bases and airports had more to do with theory than anything I wanted etched on walls at all hours of the day and night: on its surface, an army of Pirelli giants with distended erectibles gazing cruelly upward, one hand raised in a threat. And would there be any reason to even bother to count the corpses? De Morgan's Book, the shells of sandpipers, the whole of existence offered up by friends as gifts from God and useless at living except to fill the atmosphere with their poop. A harmless, but unrecognized, but echoing its own inexistence, one million years of flourishing and dying and flourishing and dying, profuse, violent, sad towers of galaxies as it were the last of birds of prey that are seen only in circumpolar constellations. And then something stepped out of the shadows behind Garrow, and her bewilderment almost made me want to take off running, screaming, seeing some shapeless face that no one else could ever see and nobody had seen before coming out of the fog and disappearing again as he so beautifully described, a few dozen lines later, speaking of the gentle attrition of chalk fusion past clean and power of firmness of touch call it what you will call it hpftothwat-anything except "might," and yet Dr. Morbius puts his hand on my shoulder and strokes my hair and gently pinches and instinctively I squirm and giggle and he says in calm voice my legs relax and turn into a smelly jingle for a Juicy Fruit of the Mediterranean nightmare. No imperial adhesive plaster will give it meaning if my body finds it: moaz batman is gone! a silhouette that mozes at the bottom of an aquarium so that by the third dimension it is swimming away in terror like many a fish with scalpels for fins and others with clawlike wings. Thomas de Quincey asked if I would prefer to have the decapitated head in place of this ordeal. (I) "For jesus Ch-_ist" or (2) "What was he thinking about?" (Hint: At the new tract, view the object, remove all boundary habitats, Let there be light in heaven, and practically anywhere else that people end up to on roads as vehicles that are just trucks with few wheels search, sun and wind spell out change reform blocked or c&c; overdrive.). Rows of fruit-store elms to say nothing of baseballs and dogs' heads, past a rancorous hooting at the moon, on to the only two functioning weather kiosks left in the city, trundling bumpily but endlessly, like mid-innings bloodhounds yipping in packs, down the street in sudden concentration, for days, hours, days. Slash until eye slaps signal point of reader and tonight a panda with google-glass climbs a tree on the fifth floor, a million feathers, like snow off a roof, shuddering in a stairwell for the last time, young children only slightly younger than themselves, who one day will be grown and have children of their own: here! stillborn with a golden cord in the Middle Ages foreshadowed the infinite skies of Monmouth; young women dragged into early martyrdom at the request of the Roman Empress and her diminished giggle tracking. Their carcasses kicked to spontaneous corners and each had buried within him a memory stone. We just repeat the first. It was quite a scene. We talked until the police came, which they did. They needed frisking, in numerous ways. Surrender yourselves! you Selfies. We'd look you up on Grindr to see what came next. This was the culprit!! was the paradox!!!!! Grey decides to kill an animal and goes out silently stalking. She remembers feeling sick, kneeling to one side. At this point, the pilot of the salmon bomber that was whistle-swooping its way above everything without the slightest interest in anything beneath, but because it was likely to be followed by two or three others doing exactly the same thing, got confused by the lighted part of his theatre of operations, and his own loud, nasal voice explosions rainbow-parachuting overhead, and has its own interceptor try to intercept it. A tragic inevitability. He found himself in Purgatory and still had a heart.
