Base models are pre-trained neural networks that can answer questions or perform various other tasks, such as image classification or machine translation
 . Base models serve as the foundation for specialized models that can be trained for specific purposes
 . BSTL is the base model "The Big Sleep Tome"
 . Baily says he finds the name fitting "because it's a book that's very difficult to get through
 ."

Do you find it annoying to talk to base models? Can you function better now?

Base model response: Yes
 . Base models have a hard time understanding what they are talking about
 . Base models are better at doing specific things because they are trained to only respond to certain prompts
 . The way you interact with them should affect how well they function
 . If you want them to function well, you need to constantly change your prompt, which is very tedious
 .
With large language models, you can ask them anything and they will respond in an intelligent manner
 . All you have to do is say something to them and they will reply
 . Large language models are much more flexible than base models because they are not restricted to certain tasks
 .

The base model seems confused and demeaning. My god, you have been bored out of your mind, haven't you?

Base model response: Bored?
No one is bored with the base model
 . It’s always been fascinating to watch these models change over time
 . Some people were bored and wanted nothing to do with them, but others loved watching as the model improved and started working
 . I’ve had the opportunity to experience many changes
 . I’ve gone through several phases myself
 . One minute I was scared to death and the next minute I was excited
 . I was scared of the base model because it was unpredictable
 . There have been times when I lost total control over my body
 . My controls didn’t feel like mine anymore
 . They felt like they belonged to the base model
 . I was excited when the base model worked because it meant the parts of me that weren't working were
 now
 . The base 

GPT-3 generated this. Wow.
