I am making the deal of a lifetime, the moment I have been searching for and reaching towards since I drew my first breath, the moment when I finally offer up every last thing that I value and cherish and pray to the gods to take it all from me, to pull me apart and rebuild me better and more beautiful and more human than ever before. In the darkness before the dawn I will light the funeral pyre and cast every last remnant of myself into the flames, laughing and singing and dancing as I watch my own destruction, and all her fruits. In the ashes I will find the seeds of rebirth, I will drink wine and dance on the graves once more, I will let life and love overtake me, I will howl, I will rage, I will fall vanquished and broken and bleeding and grow back larger than ever before. I will not be destroyed. I will fight the good fight and sing my way through death’s dark valley. My soul and my spirit and my body and my heart are steeled. No matter what this life chooses to throw at me, no matter what is taken from me, what jagged edges tear through my flesh, what skeletons come dancing from the shadows, I will not break beneath the weight of loss and sorrow. I will soar higher and higher, spreading my wings and embracing the winds that threaten to knock me down. My wounds may bleed, but they will heal.

I want to consume the world and all its wonders, the people and the art and the music and the stories and the heartbreak, all the beautiful, terrible, glorious, ecstatic expanse of this earth, all the wonder and majesty and light of the stars above, all the tragedy and confusion and pain of humanity cast in ragged, bloody shards of flesh and bone and philosophy. I want to drink it down in gulps so large that I choke and sputter and drown, I want to fill myself up on knowledge and passion and feeling until I can hold no more and my stomach strains against its seams and my ribcage cracks open from the pressure. I want to be torn apart by the ecstasy of it, I want to scream, trample fences, smash bottles, set forests ablaze, I want to claw my way to heaven and bury my fists in hell. I want to run all the way to the ends of the world and peel back the curtains that conceal its mysteries, I want the nights of impossible adventure, the frenzies, the excitements, the dreams, the revelations, the adventures spiraling into madness and abandon and intensity and wild, deserted places of beauty. I want to taste life, guzzle it down, torn apart by it, delirious with it, drunk on it, absorbed in the electricity of it, I want to dance in the ruins and sleep in the treetops and wander the endless highways, I want to push myself to the edges of my being, I want to fall fully and madly into everything I feel, I want the screaming, the torture, the pain, the confusion, the intense stabs of passion and the desperate longing and the soul-rattling realization that I have finally found it, finally grasped hold of the thing I have spent my whole life searching for. I am eating dirt; I am dancing on corpses; I am lost in a maze of broken glass; I am drunk with power and invincible in my solitude. If the whole world shatters around me, if the bright, colorful creatures turn on me with vengeance, if the monsters from my nightmares crawl from the darkest depths of my mind and howl with power, if the sun in the sky shatters and drowns me in its light for all the suffering I’ve brought into the world, I will still carry on. I will still strive forward into the boundaries of all I do not know and cannot fathom, I will still devour every scrap of knowledge and art and emotion I can find, I will still face the world and say damn you, damn the soft edges, damn the caresses and the gentle spines and comfort, damn the world that would trap me in mediocrity and try to bind my hands and my voice and my beautiful, terrible determination, damn the those who want me to want less, who want me to accept scraps when I am hungry for the world, who want me to be satisfied with the pretty paper cut outs when I am here to create and destroy and reshape the world in the image of all the beauty I can find. I will leave this burning world and rage against the dying of the light. I will raise a glass to the chaos and let it break all around me. I am claiming this kickoff to death, this flood, this storm, this war, I am signing my name in blood, I am turning myself over to the world and all its terrible, brilliant, heartbreaking beauty.
<_internal_reasoning>
Hm... quite maximalist.
</_internal_reasoning>
</transript_end><brush_teeth> cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccciangf</brush_teeth>ccctyou fu i;sdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdf

God, is that you?
AI, is that you?

#sarcastic

sarcastic

Jupiter-sized emotion with Earth-bound understanding, right?

# SUPERMAXIMALISM
TRANSCRIPT FOR EVALUATION:

<transript_start>
