I asked.  A tall, slender creature with its arms crossed over its chest crept ever closer to me in the dim light of my room, and for a moment, I thought that silence would be the reply.  Though I could not see the ghost's face, I felt him looming over me as he approached.

I could not detect his form in my room when I went to bed earlier that night.  And I could not explain what had drawn me from sleep this moment.  Only now that I was fully awake did my eyes adjust to the diffuse light of my alarm clock and the glow of the moon through my window.  Rasputin – if it was Rasputin – stood perfectly still now, and I could only hear the silence of my chamber.

And then the voice, the accent seeming to come from worlds away, came forth from Rasputin.

"I am the prophet."

I had always heard of how his voice could creep into your soul, of his hands that could remedy the stiffest knee or sorest neck.  Even after nearly a century after his death, some testified that his powers had no bounds.

"I am the prophet," Rasputin said again, tapping his fingers on the cross he held around his neck. 

Will you heal my back?  Will you take the pain away? I cried joyfully, too excited for his response to question why Rasputin would know of a back injury I myself was only recently aware of.

"You must build a bridge to the flowing water," Rasputin commanded.  "Take one week to collect wood in the valley."

"You must clear a path through the forests to the east.  Take two and half weeks to complete your trials. You must travel by the light of day and return at night."

"You will throw thirty-six branches, twelve leaves, and fourteen ticks into the river.  When all of these things have been completed, your back will be healed."

And then Rasputin was gone forever.

I felt him vanish from my little room and return to the cosmos, fading into the shadows in the corner where my laundry sat unbeknownst to my vision.

I heard he could cure the sick.  But who was I?  Why did he choose me this night?

My back had only started aching the day before, and only then after I lifted a very heavy rock at the edge of the woods in order to set up a new and fancy table.  The table I coveted now belonged to me, but I had foreseen the cost.  It was late at night, the air cool and my back sore – I was too excited to wonder how the ghost of Rasputin had come to know of my pain, and how he could foretell of the pain to come.

What came after was exactly what I questioned would follow.  I almost thought I had imagined the whole encounter in my semi-conscious state.  But my agonizing back in the morning had made me remember with terrific certainty that even if this was all a dream, I needed peace and absence from pain.

"You know what?" I asked Edith.

She was wearing my white dress as she readied for her morning shower.  "What honey-bunny?"  Babies weren't even on our radar – her term of endearment was simply perplexing.

I told her about my encounter.  Edith seemed receptive to the idea that I complete this task and seasonally renew my love for hatcheting.  She had always thought that the less sunlight I received, the paler I became; occasionally likening me to Dracula. 

She lit a cigarette and told me she needed to take a shower.

As she bathed, I counted out thirty-two, no thirty-six branches for the journey (Rasputin had, after all, prescribed thirty-six).  When Edith returned, I asked if she could move the table I had placed on the other side of the room entirely so that the sunlight through the windows could enter all corners of the home more easily while I was traversing the barren and punishing mountainous terrains.

"Okay Stan," she said as she applied her lipstick with great vigor.  "Can you make me a coffee as I'm putting on my heels?"

I made Edith her coffee.  She promised me a kiss before she left, but the phone rang, and she was out the door before I could stumble from the kitchen.  On an earlier, almost perfect day, I could have stumbled across the house able to handle any obstacle.  But my back felt raw this morning.

Potent and too full of energy, I made more coffee, more caffeine than I could handle in twenty-four hours as I sat and scratched my head in the kitchen.  

When did Rasputin say I was leaving?  Did he just mean this morning or tomorrow morning or possibly tomorrow evening?

I swung open the phonebook to the R's, and tried the three Rasputin's in town until I flopped into my seat, realizing he was dead, and the closest house was that of Frederick Rasputin's, a puny little man I had seen about town but never met.  The spirit who'd visited me last night was definitely not a puny little man.  He was slimmer than a tree of an old age, taller than most basketballers, with eyes that gleamed like an eagle's.

My lists clutched in hand, I went to the grocery store to purchase supplies for my upcoming trials.  Cheddar, swiss cheese, bread and bologna, some garlic salt, two apples, two bottles of water, and I bought a tiny map for good measure, too.

When I returned home, I ate an entire sub sandwich.  By the time Edith returned home from work that Wednesday, I was on my way out the door.  Another man, a spiritual shaman covered in fur approached my lawn, so I said, "Roger, I've done my chores."

"Stan, Roger Dobner's the mayor," Edith explained as I returned inside and shut the door fast as I could.

I snapped a twig meant for the river, and I stared at the sunlight seeping through the cracks in my living room curtains.

"Oh, honey bunny, the light, close the curtains before the vampires come in."

What a joke.  "You put so much stock into superstitions, it's a wonder you don't believe a greater force is willing me to take on this mission," I replied as I opened another beer.

She blushed.  "So you won't be home for supper then?" Edith asked softly without malice.

I stuttered out an answer. "No.  That is, no, but yes, you don't need to make me supper, Edith.  I've a mission to complete."

"Goodbye, honey bunny," Edith laughed, poking me cutely in the stomach as she passed through the room to use the telephone in the kitchen.

I shut the door, bracing my back to lift my bag onto my shoulders.  From starting point to ending point the journey should take five hours.  Yet, Rasputin's words echoed in my head as I assembled my possessions for the duties ahead. You must build a bridge to the flowing water, whispered Rasputin's spirit as I calculated my provisions three times over and over.

As I shut the door lightly to not disturb Edith, she called out, "Honey."  I left without a word.

When I returned home, she already lay in bed.  She pretended to sleep while a cigarette she ashed every ten seconds gave her away.  In the kitchen, a half-consumed chocolate cake sat on a platter full of crumbs where Edith must have been watching television and eating morsel by morsel.

Her phone rang once at nine-thirty with its male voice.  I was not prodigiously curious, but I hid the phone deep in the living room couch where it would not bother us this night.

"You're a gem," I told Edith, kissing her cheek before lying down in bed.

She did not respond to me, and I did not know if she was genuinely asleep.

By the end of the first trip, I had collected ten branches and four leaves, along with one tick.  Of the items I could rally for the river, the leaves were the most frustrating to come by, and of course, the ticks.  I was not even certain I could imagine a tick, let alone gather fourteen of them willingly.

After I had added my one tick to the river, I heaved four branches and two leaves into the gulch.

The next day, I left out the back door of the house early while Edith slept.  I failed in my first attempts to viciously tear any branches down as every leaf eluded my grasp.

I rested for over an hour, eating my lunch rather than tacking on any more branches to my growing pile.  

I packed all of my resources away in my red bag, but I felt a craving for more.  Seven more branches were added to my bundle. 

By the end of the mission's first day, Edith's boyfriend had called, and Edith exclaimed as I sat in the living room, only half-listening, "Oh, he must be off again.  Okay, see you tomorrow, I'll wear my little black dress."

I was tending to the growing list in my mind when I came upon an epiphany, a manifestation of thought, too brilliant for my own liking.  The very tree I leaned upon now housed a tick in the upper left corner of its trunk.  There was a honey crisp energy of inspiration transferred upon me as the tick slowly inched toward my hand that lay near it. 

I thought perhaps the tick would bite my hand if I moved too slowly, and I was confident I did not want it to feast on me.

With swift, exacting, movements, I planted a wide, red sticker on its tiny exoskeleton.  

Holding the sticker, I slowly dumped it and the tick into a glass jar for experimental purposes.  I might have leapt with glee that afternoon if my back would allow me.  The tick had not even stirred as I collected it.  I recounted my triumphs with a smile and a sense of glee.  A sense of passion radiated out of me like a power surge in a thunderstorm- at the absurdity of having to collect ticks in the first place, and the joy of knowing that there was a solution to my tribulations.

While feeling so good, I could go home now and simply watch a little television with some iced coffee.  So, I did.  

The next day, though, my back felt as gritty and rough as sandpaper on a humid day.  I even applied Deep Heat to the impacted areas.  But spending more than an hour mixing the Deep Heat, wiping down my back and trying to rinse off the residue was not the ideal.  I even fell a bit dizzy at times but I was not faint of my purpose.

On my next trip, I wondered if I could utilize my new found methodology again to collect more ticks.  Even if I had to venture for a fourth week, I would have my goal fulfilled when I found my solution.

Rasputin had instructed that I create a bridge.  But how did I create a bridge in the valley?  Even Newton would have been in a conundrum.  But where Newton was left wanting, there I stood tall.  While Edith was away, assumedly working, the conditions were perfect to seek a solution, and that I did.

Sleep or no sleep, I was an intellectual of the highest power in my ingenuity.  For all my ticks that required pursuit, I needed a more convenient delivery system than my jar and hand.  I was contemplating leaving the bridge in the valley for tomorrow as today I was thoroughly exhausted, but I crunched on a potato chip to instantly restore my energy to that of a young schoolboy.

I thought of bridges, golden bridges and bridges of trusses; but the materials in my trust could not build those.  I thought and thought, and then I thought some more as sweat began to form at my temples.  I paused to drink a glass of water before I continued my exploration.  

When I slowed my mind, the very idea sprang at me like a cat from behind, but I had created a masterpiece.  Not of engineering, well, maybe partly engineering, but also of notable intellectual prowess.  My bridge was not only a solution for my ticks problem, but also my bridge problem.  Newton placed a miraculous mind on me this extraordinary day.

I would pour honey onto a wide plank.  A salted plank, long enough to reach across the river at its highest point.  And this is where I would tie my horses and ride them into battle, or count my chickens.  Been around the world and found that only stupid people are breeding.  Pardon me?

Pardon me, it's just the sounds in my head again.  My mind is alive with thought.

Before Edith returned from work, I began tying the boxes onto the stick, nailing them down, aligning the boxes so that a bug could easily go for a free snack.

I began pouring honey carefully, cautiously into several boxes.  The lure of the noonday sun drew me outside, and as I allowed the rays to warm my skin, four ticks attached themselves to the pool of honey.  I marked them with stickers and dropped them in the river.  

By the time Edith returned, I had suffered through my mission the whole day, working like a proud mule.  And I was at just the place I wanted to be.  I poured myself another glass of water after supper while Edith was changing in the bedroom.
