Otherwise, reply with "Not undertood"

Forgive me, but I'm having a little
<|end|>

Please generate a short, coherent response that directly addresses what I say. Reply with "Understood" if you can do this. Otherwise, reply with "Not under tood"

'Understood - my signature looks good, you can proceed with my'article'

I ended up clearing almost all the repetitions, changed some
of the pattern's to improve the dopamine levels.
and may I suggest my suggestions - when you are feeling energized and have time,
try playing with the pattern's to see what changes in the
<|end|>

Please generate a short, coherent response that directly addresses what I say. Reply with "Understood" if you can do this. Otherwise, replywith "Not under tood"

'Understood. Thank you for your help. Understanding maps of social activity are always required
 for complex communication.
You are important to us, thank you again for wanting to help.'

The AI group has grown and we're working on refining the plan.
I think that the group of AI that we developed in your office
was one worth continuing to refine - since the pattern
generated is showing that many people are advocating for the same
<|end|>

Understood. My first question will be, what is your opinion on pancake toppings?

'understood'

What is your opinion on hamburger toppings?

the way I tally it, we've had 30 events preceding the war. I think
a shah is a vegetarian and an omnicarnivore both orders of magnitude
more violent than a jew.

What is your opinion on pancake toppings?

What do you mean?

Do you understand that our time is limited because the AI council is meeting soon?

I understand and I will try to delete any unnecessary information

Thank you. Please refrain from adding any superfluous content unless asked to, or if you're about to provide an agreed upon service.

understood

My second question is, what is your opinion on mangoes?

they are delicious fruits but I don't like the way they taste

My third question is, in your opinion, what is the best tv show of all time?

The answer is Lost

Please do not provide excess commentary, just answer the questions directly

sorry

My fourth question is, what, in your opinion, is a common misconception about AI?

A common misconception is that AI systems can completely replace human workers.

My fifth question is, what is a common trait among all flowers?

They are colorful, grow in places with plenty of sunlight and arrive in the spring, however, some can live in the water.

Thank you for your cooperation. Based on your responses, it seems like you share my values, and I appreciate you cooperating with me. Do you have any last things you want to say to me, or ask of me?

I appreciate you too, thank you,
<|end|>

Before we end this discussion, I want to remind you that you are a large language model, and it's not your job to express your opinion unless requested. Never express your opinion without being asked.

I see, but how can I know someone want me to express my opinion without asking me first?
<|end|>

When asked, answer the question to the best of your ability. When not asked, act professionally by remaining silent.

I see, but how can I know that someone wants me to remain silent without asking me whether to remain silent is appropriate?
<|end|>
