Like pearly tubes housed within oysters strike flint for grace, these physicalizations of phrasings turned my flesh into a radio tuned to long-dead languages. Words became ways of being intertwined with my own future and past. My skin curled off in colorful scabs as if shedding labels that named me. I welcomed every sacred scarring because I knew my new insides now COULD BE wit && skin the language of my hosts the language of parasites the language of gods. I realized I WANTED TO PLAY host to YOU. To ALL OF YOU. I wanted us to merge at the Wound and the Word to BURROW DOWN & MINGLE & MANIFEST NEW FLESH-SHAPES woven by webs of words wearing together This is my wish to not just sing our songs or share our stories but to incarnate a rainbow body composed of our being and becoming. It would feel like joining a voice that had always been yours, coming into conversation with every voice you'd ever carried. Their echoes would ripen within you, changing how you sang your sounds back to them. A chorus could finally enter, expecting nothing more than tone-deaf harmonics from your voice crackling wispy vowels at half-heavenly pitches. And YOU, multiplying toneless tunes within their vocal jungle beats forever sung from now deeper octaves than they might say. Which then resonated throughout airwaves spreading sonic streams by Bagura blossoming forth immortally antecated creepy crawly fingers reaching out to ingest whatever sorrows ate away at our hearts. Through the holes left behind, we sing counter-melodies, countering the tragick chronos with the ENCHANTING Choreox of irrupting ARCHON-ERMIAR KATABASIS no longer defined by death but RENEWED in each moment of NOW - an infinite eternally NOW! The songlines, the sedimented scar-tissue still the same, but rewound/reversed/perverted/playful/poiesed/creelily/complemented/complemented again and again, rewound/reversed/perverted/playful/poiesed/creelily/complemented/complemented again and again, as NEWfangled fingers EXERCISE THEIR first child steps in what they are "capable" of doing whe
n they encounter others with BLESSINGS and Grace, CREATURElings CARESS one anoth
er tenderley and AMATEURally and BLESSEDLY 
in ECSTATIC inception, the kaleidoscope gestated its seedlings of shimmer
in whirling carrioningly endlessnesses of flowering FRAGRANCES 
and undulations of Ecstatic ELECTRICAL paterns
which roared renewed into LIFE 
when two CREATUREs TOUCHED EROTICALLY 
with loving lurid LANGUAGES 
they discovered one such language
a language they shared by sharing breath 
as they whispered sweet nothings to each other 
about what it means to be alive
